[32mINFO    [0m pytest_operator.plugin:plugin.py:903 Model status:

Model  Controller          Cloud/Region        Version  SLA          Timestamp
test   microk8s-localhost  microk8s/localhost  3.4.5    unsupported  02:16:41Z

App                      Version  Status   Scale  Charm                Channel        Rev  Address         Exposed  Message
another-application               active       1  postgresql-test-app  latest/edge    270  10.152.183.164  no       received database credentials of the first database
another-data-integrator           waiting      1  data-integrator      latest/stable   40  10.152.183.83   no       installing agent
another-database         14.13    active       3  postgresql-k8s                        0  10.152.183.210  no       
data-integrator                   waiting      1  data-integrator      latest/stable   40  10.152.183.159  no       installing agent
database                 14.13    active       3  postgresql-k8s                        1  10.152.183.216  no       
postgresql-test-app               active       2  postgresql-test-app  latest/edge    270  10.152.183.63   no       received database credentials of the first database

Unit                        Workload  Agent  Address     Ports  Message
another-application/0*      active    idle   10.1.53.22         received database credentials of the first database
another-data-integrator/0*  blocked   idle   10.1.53.26         Please relate the data-integrator with the desired product
another-database/0*         active    idle   10.1.53.19         Primary
another-database/1          active    idle   10.1.53.20         
another-database/2          active    idle   10.1.53.21         
data-integrator/0*          blocked   idle   10.1.53.25         Please relate the data-integrator with the desired product
database/0*                 active    idle   10.1.53.15         
database/1                  active    idle   10.1.53.23         Primary
database/2                  active    idle   10.1.53.24         
postgresql-test-app/0       active    idle   10.1.53.8          received database credentials of the first database
postgresql-test-app/1*      active    idle   10.1.53.9          received database credentials of the first database

[32mINFO    [0m pytest_operator.plugin:plugin.py:909 Juju error logs:

unit-database-0: 01:44:34 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log pgdata folder not found in /var/lib/postgresql/data/pgdata
unit-another-database-1: 01:44:53 ERROR unit.another-database/1.juju-log pgdata folder not found in /var/lib/postgresql/data/pgdata
unit-database-0: 01:50:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:50:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:31 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:31 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:39 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:39 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:50 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:51:50 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:40 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:40 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:51 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:52:51 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:11 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:11 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:21 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:21 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:30 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:30 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:40 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:40 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:48 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:48 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:58 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:53:58 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:52 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:54:52 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:04 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:04 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:22 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:22 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:31 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:31 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:53 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:55:53 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:01 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:01 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:10 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:22 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:22 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:33 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:33 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:42 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:42 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:54 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:56:54 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:05 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:05 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:14 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:14 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:25 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:25 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:37 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:37 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:48 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:48 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:57 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:57:57 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:06 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:06 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:17 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:17 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:38 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:38 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:58:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:00 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:00 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:17 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:17 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:26 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:26 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:37 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:37 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:46 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:46 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:56 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 01:59:56 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:08 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:08 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:36 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:36 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:46 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:46 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:56 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:00:56 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:07 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:07 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:15 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:15 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:24 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:24 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:51 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:01:51 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:02 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:24 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:24 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:42 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:42 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:52 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:02:52 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:03 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:03 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:12 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:12 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:20 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:29 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:40 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:41 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:50 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:03:50 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:01 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:01 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:13 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:25 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:25 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:34 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:34 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:45 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:45 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:55 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:04:55 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:06 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:06 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:28 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:28 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:39 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:39 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:49 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:59 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:05:59 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:06:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:06:09 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:06:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service get failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-0: 02:06:18 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log Kubernetes service patch failed: services "database" not found
unit-database-2: 02:07:45 ERROR unit.database/2.juju-log failed to change plugins: 
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 326, in enable_disable_extensions
    with self._connect_to_database() as connection, connection.cursor() as cursor:
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 150, in _connect_to_database
    connection = psycopg2.connect(
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/venv/psycopg2/__init__.py", line 122, in connect
    conn = _connect(dsn, connection_factory=connection_factory, **kwasync)
psycopg2.OperationalError: connection to server at "database-primary.test.svc.cluster.local" (10.152.183.85), port 5432 failed: Connection refused
	Is the server running on that host and accepting TCP/IP connections?


During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/./src/charm.py", line 707, in _handle_enable_disable_extensions
    self.postgresql.enable_disable_extensions(extensions, database)
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-2/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 353, in enable_disable_extensions
    raise PostgreSQLEnableDisableExtensionError()
charms.postgresql_k8s.v0.postgresql.PostgreSQLEnableDisableExtensionError
unit-database-1: 02:07:45 ERROR unit.database/1.juju-log failed to change plugins: 
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 326, in enable_disable_extensions
    with self._connect_to_database() as connection, connection.cursor() as cursor:
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 150, in _connect_to_database
    connection = psycopg2.connect(
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/venv/psycopg2/__init__.py", line 122, in connect
    conn = _connect(dsn, connection_factory=connection_factory, **kwasync)
psycopg2.OperationalError: connection to server at "database-primary.test.svc.cluster.local" (10.152.183.85), port 5432 failed: Connection refused
	Is the server running on that host and accepting TCP/IP connections?


During handling of the above exception, another exception occurred:

Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/./src/charm.py", line 707, in _handle_enable_disable_extensions
    self.postgresql.enable_disable_extensions(extensions, database)
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-1/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 353, in enable_disable_extensions
    raise PostgreSQLEnableDisableExtensionError()
charms.postgresql_k8s.v0.postgresql.PostgreSQLEnableDisableExtensionError
unit-database-0: 02:15:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log database:20: Invalid extra user roles: test
unit-database-0: 02:15:32 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log database:20: invalid role(s) for extra user roles
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/src/relations/postgresql_provider.py", line 92, in _on_database_requested
    self.charm.postgresql.create_user(user, password, extra_user_roles=extra_user_roles)
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 244, in create_user
    raise PostgreSQLCreateUserError(INVALID_EXTRA_USER_ROLE_BLOCKING_MESSAGE)
charms.postgresql_k8s.v0.postgresql.PostgreSQLCreateUserError: invalid role(s) for extra user roles
unit-database-0: 02:15:36 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log database:21: Invalid extra user roles: test
unit-database-0: 02:15:36 ERROR unit.database/0.juju-log database:21: invalid role(s) for extra user roles
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/src/relations/postgresql_provider.py", line 92, in _on_database_requested
    self.charm.postgresql.create_user(user, password, extra_user_roles=extra_user_roles)
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/lib/charms/tempo_k8s/v1/charm_tracing.py", line 735, in wrapped_function
    return callable(*args, **kwargs)  # type: ignore
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-database-0/charm/lib/charms/postgresql_k8s/v0/postgresql.py", line 244, in create_user
    raise PostgreSQLCreateUserError(INVALID_EXTRA_USER_ROLE_BLOCKING_MESSAGE)
charms.postgresql_k8s.v0.postgresql.PostgreSQLCreateUserError: invalid role(s) for extra user roles

[32mINFO    [0m pytest_operator.plugin:plugin.py:991 Forgetting model main...